feat: Lazily call setup function for moduli and curves on first use (#1603)
openvm-org/openvm: extensions/algebra/complex-macros/README.md

pub fn setup_complex_0() {
    // send the setup instructions
}
```

> 3. Obviously, `mod_idx` in the `complex_init!` must match the position of the corresponding modulus in the `moduli_init!` macro. The order of the items in `complex_init!` affects what `setup_complex_*` function will correspond to what complex class. Also, it **must match** the order of the moduli in the chip configuration -- more specifically, in the modular extension parameters (the order of numbers in `Fp2Extension::supported_modulus`, which is usually defined with the whole `app_vm_config` in the `openvm.toml` file). However, it again imposes the restriction that we only can invoke `complex_init!` once. Again analogous to the moduli setups, `setup_complex_*` is automatically called on each complex extension on first use of its intrinsics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Obviously, `mod_idx` in the `complex_init!` must match the position of the corresponding modulus in the `moduli_init!` macro. The order of the items in `complex_init!` affects what `setup_complex_*` function will correspond to what complex class. Also, it **must match** the order of the moduli in the chip configuration -- more specifically, in the modular extension parameters (the order of numbers in `Fp2Extension::supported_modulus`, which is usually defined with the whole `app_vm_config` in the `openvm.toml` file). However, it again imposes the restriction that we only can invoke `complex_init!` once. Again analogous to the moduli setups, the rust bindings will automatically call `setup_complex_*` on each complex extension on first use of its intrinsics.
```
